% PANIC attacks episode 07
% Jerome Steegmans

### SUMMARY

shit gets worse. Durward locks Louis in the secret wing. Tortures and Tests. 
Shannon is no stranger to the tests.  He senses an affinity to Louis, maybe
a kinship, but there is something frightening about Louis, something beyond
Shannon's understanding.

days go by. Louis gets weaker and weaker. he is ill and confused.

Shannon appears as a Lapdog to the management. "Don't put Louis through the
tests," he says.  "Something terrible will happen.

As the moon rises, Durward locks a stray dog in the cell with Louis.

The voices in Louis' head: "Look away. You aren't ready for this."

---

Above, in the offices, Millie Z requests Louis be released into her custody. 
She is his aunt, she says

### 01 - Intro

<!-- pre-existing conflict  / exposition -->


<!-- PLOT: Louis has a showdown with Shannon Ulger --> <!-- PLOT: Louis and
Shannon go out of their heads.  Like two territorial creatures forced into a
too-small cage --> <!-- PLOT: They fight.  Break things.  Louis smashes
through a window and disappears out into the night -->

<!-- more --> 

<!-- ### 02 - Complication / Conceit -->

<!-- encounter pre-existing conflict - Crossing The First Threshold -->

<!-- CHARACTER: Millie Zita (millicent Z) - Oscuro's priestess and bride -->

<!-- PLOT: Millicent Zita shows up at the Asylum, claiming custody of Louis
Blake -->

<!-- PLOT: Showdown between Doctors Bellamy and Durward and Millie Z --> 

Dr B: Who is this?  She has no claim on him.  We can't release a patient
into just anybody's hands.  This is ridiculous.  Durward: Stop this
childishness.  MZ is here to take the boy back to his family.  Dr.B: Records
show no family.  He needs help only we can provide.  Durward: Where is the
boy?

---

### INT. BELLAMY'S OFFICE - DAY

Rain pounds against the windows. Doctor Bellamy sits at his desk, sorting
through files and shifting stacks of paper around.  Shannon Ulger sits
across from Bellamy, wringing his hands.

"I don't think you should go forward with the kid," he says.

"I know, Shannon," says the doc. "You've said. A few times now."

"But you're going ahead with it. With everything. This--"

"I know what I'm doing, Shannon. Do you think you were much better off when
we found you?"

"No, but ... there's something different about this kid. Something's not
right."

"I know, Shannon. You might not remember, but we went through the same thing
with you, back when we--"

"No. It isn't the same. It's something *else.* He's like me, yes. But he's
different too. There's something *extra.*

The door to Bellamy's office crashes open. Enter DURWARD and ZITA.

Doctor Durward has a stern, stony look on her face. 

"I've been trying to get you on the phone for hours," she says. 

Bellamy pushes a stack of papers out of the way so he can see his phone: an old desktop rotary-dialer. He takes the handset off the cradle and puts it to his ear. He pushes the hang-up toggle a few times.

"The line's dead," he says.

"Convenient," says Durward. "This is Louis Blake's Aunt, Millicent Zita. She's here to collect her nephew."

Bellamy returns the phone to its cradle, a look of exasperation and surprise on his face. "I wasn't aware of any living relatives," he says. 

"I do not care what you were or were not previously aware of. You are aware of it now."

"Nope. Here it is." Bellamy points to an open file. 




---

Louis has dark dreams. He doesn't see the light for days. He clutches his
knees to his chest and rocks back and forth in the darkness. The voice
inside him isn't a voice. It is a sound. It is a texture. It is a desire. It
slowly builds up and threatens to overwhelm him. It manifests in fits of
giggling. He sits in the dark, scratching at his skin until it bleeds and
clutches his knees to his raw and bloodied chest and he collapses into fits
of terrible giggling. 

Nothing is funny. He knows this. He doesn't laugh out of humor. He doesn't
really laugh at all. He convulses. He shakes and retches, but it all comes
out as laughter. He doesn't laugh, but it comes out that way.

He dreams of the open road. He dreams of the ground beneath his feet. He
dreams of running. Of feeling the spongey grass-covered earth of the open
plains beneath his feet as his strides stretch out longer and longer. He
covers great expanses of land as he flies through the night. He is naked in
his dreams. He chases the setting sun. He is sure that he might catch it,
just over the next rise, so he runs faster, he flies farther. But it stays
beyond his reach.

You can't catch the sun, he thinks.

But he tries.

He wakes up in a twisted knot on the floor. Drenched in cold sweat. The
straight jacket is gone. He doesn't remember its removal. The floor is cold,
but there are wool blankets tangled up at his feet. He wipes himself with
them. They stink. The wool scratches at him, catches on the scabs of his
rubbed-raw chest. It stings.

"Hello?" he says into the emptiness of the dark room. 

No one answers him.

Louis resists the surging, gag-like waves of muscle contractions rising up
from his guts. He feels nauseous.

A low panel in the door slides open with a clang. 

"Hello?" Louis calls again. His voice is a quavering, broken croak.

Large black-gloved hands shove something through the opening in the door. 

"Hey ... puppy," Louis says. 

The panel slams shut and a deadbold drops into place. The puppy, a small
black pug, whimpers.

Louis reaches a hand toward the little, fragile-seeming thing.

"Aren't you a ... precious ... little ... thing?"

The puppy backs away, squealing, its tail tucked between its legs. It shakes
and cries and pees on its feet.

Louis gags and convulses and coughs out a chortle. He clamps his hands over
his mouth, tries to cover it, but the fingers find their way inside and he
digs at his gums and pulls at his cheeks and he gnaws at his fingers and he
laughs and howls and laughs.
           




















--- 